Add usage example to README.md (#25)
aai-institute/nnbench: README.md

A PyPI package release is planned for the future.

## Usage Example

> An example repository to benchmark a ML model contains three files. The `training.py` contains the code to train the model, the `benchmark.py` contains the benchmark functions, and the `run_benchmark.py` the benchmark execution logic. 

Reviewer: For this example it's fine, but I'm not sure if we want to advertise that file structure regardless.

It makes sense if we think about benchmarks in a MLOps pipeline way. Question is, do we still include it in the introductory example to only showcase the basic application?

I think this example should serve as the Quickstart document, and be a single-file monolith to convey the simplicity of the package.

Then, if the user is interested, we link to user guides (to be written) on file structure/organization, tagging, subclassing runners,reporters,etcpp. What do you think?

A PyPI package release is planned for the future.

## Usage Example

Let's say we want to benchmark the following ML model:

```python
# training.py
from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestClassifier
from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split

data = load_iris()
X, y = data.data, data.target

X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, test_size=0.3)

model = RandomForestClassifier()
model.fit(X_train, y_train)
```

> To benchmark your model, you encapsulate the benchmark code into a function and assign the `@benchmark` decorator. This let's our benchmark class collect and later execute the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To benchmark your model, you encapsulate the benchmark code into a function and apply the `@benchmark` decorator. This marks the function for collection to our benchmark runner later.
```

```python
# benchmarks.py
import nnbench
import numpy as np
from sklearn import base, metrics

@nnbench.benchmark(tags=("accuracy",))
def accuracy(model: base.BaseEstimator, y_test: np.ndarray, y_pred: np.ndarray) -> float:
    accuracy = metrics.accuracy_score(y_test, y_pred)
    return accuracy
```

Now we can instantiate a benchmark runner, to collect, run and report the specified benchmarks. We only execute the benchmarks with the associated tags.

```python
# run_benchmarks.py
import pathlib
from nnbench import runner
from training import model, X_test, y_test

PATH_TO_BENCHMARK_DIR = pathlib.Path('.').resolve()

class ExampleRunner(runner.AbstractBenchmarkRunner):
    # Here you could integrate your custom benchmark handling logic.
    # We keep it empty in this example

>     pass

Reviewer: You did the right thing here, but we shouldn't advertise this in the readme. Therefore, we should probably rename the abstract class to just `BenchmarkRunner`.

r = ExampleRunner()
r.collect()
y_pred = model.predict(X_test)

> result = r.run(PATH_TO_BENCHMARK_DIR, tags=("accuracy",),  params={"model": model, "y_pred": y_pred, "y_test": y_test})

Reviewer: This should probably work with "benchmark.py"? Then you can save the `PATH_TO_...` definition, and drop the tags. (Less is more!)

Author: it does with `"./benchmark.py"`.

r.report(to='console', result=result)
```

> The output then looks like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting output might look like this:
```
